glory wanted a **not outdated** list (#8)
Anastasia-Romanov/lacan-user-guide: competitions.md

## competition

- Dev is incompetent and requires you to type the time unit seperately to the time.

> - doesn't actually work because dev incapable of updating with nitro type's api, same with below command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Doesn't actually work because Try2Win4Glory is incapable of updating to the latest version of Nitro Type's API.
```
